Fix incorrectly throwing error on valid content values in dev (#2279)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/sweet-donkeys-film.md

---
'@emotion/serialize': patch
---

> Fix incorrectly throwing error on valid content values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the issue with incorrectly throwing errors on valid content values containing `open-quote`.
```
